[Music]
welcome back to let's play atlear ferris
my name is karsten
so we're in a new area and
do we have any particular quests
to rosenberg um
gather information from the locals okay
you can do that
yeah there's a village called groutall
beyond the bridge to the south okay
we can stop by there
the crazy spooky children disappears i'm
about to talk to them
so to the south huh okay i found some
more
well this is a dead area let's grab some
flowers though
obtain purple flowers
[Music]
need to okay you can't eat this even if
you're hungry
all right i'm just looking at the map
here
um there's some wood i should get
oh what did i come up with okay a new
recipe
okay so we can get more of that weird
creepy green stuff still
distant view tower huh
i wonder if it's okay to drink this i
don't see anyone around here
okay well it's a mark on our map at
least
[Music]
oh now someone shows up all right let's
go back and let's see what you have to
say
sure big island floating in the sky
[Music]
after finding the floating island let's
try going there
all right well i'm sure we'll show up
eventually
[Music]
let's see
let's go vaguely south ish since there's
supposedly a village
south ish i see a bridge
or something
[Music]
come here red pune
this will be a piece of cake oh my hello
um
[Music]
well they say it'll be a piece of cake
except there's that big thing that i'm
not sure about
ah let's see
[Music]
okay well we got rid of all the poonies
that thing
hurts okay
[Music]
[Applause]
hmm
that was a lot of damage now i want to
make sure
she doesn't die
[Music]
yeah that was kind of painful
it says it'll resist that but it's down
to 49 hp
so we can probably just attack it down
at this point
let's coordinate yeah we can take care
of this
decent hunting practice i guess i need
to get stronger
okay well we got some pretty balls and
treasures
more booty balls
[Applause]
well bridge is broken so you won't be
able to for a while i haven't been able
to get enough building stones to fix it
if you go north there's an observation
institute hq and beyond that there's a
village in the snowy mountains
should i bring broken stones so they can
fix it or think of a way to fix the
bridge while i take the detour
or wait for the bridge to be fixed even
if it takes time
[Music]
hmm
how many do you need 25 building stones
no hmm
[Music]
well i could gather some up let me see
here
[Music]
but let's drop off what we have here at
least
and let's see um
if we look at our yeah
[Music]
let's see here it'll be difficult
come up with a good idea hmm
it's level 19 and doesn't give a whole
lot of hints
it's not even something we can use idea
points for
[Music]
[Applause]
hmm
i might give you this because you keep
almost dying
that consumes less mp
hmm
[Music]
i might give you that
give you a bit better armor too
[Music]
[Applause]
okay so the new staff thing i found out
was for ill okay
well let's start taking a look around
here
[Music]
and let's see what we can find as far as
materials in this area
[Music]
see what these give i thought
okay well we came up with a recipe for
something
battle enthusiasm
all right so
hmm
[Music]
i don't think it's for that
okay so that's
for the new metal
well let's keep gathering from here
it's good to have materials anyway
[Music]
not sure
where the best place to get building
stones is though
well i wonder if we can actually look
that up
where's the broken stones right
first playing the silent labyrinth in
this time huh
well i don't want to go back across the
bridge again
so it looks like we have a cave up here
let's check in this cave bridge crossing
cave
i hit my forehead it's too dark in here
oh hello
we should end this quickly
and let's see a thousand shots
probably should do more healing between
battles like some people said
[Music]
yeah that's painful
resist resist resist resist
[Applause]
common skill hmm
damaging continuous damage let's see
what that does
[Music]
quit going after her
um all right i'm gonna have to use this
revive from ko and hope that she uh
doesn't get killed again right away
you're
[Music]
you okay
now i'm fired up all right
[Applause]
that will only hit one of you all right
well
we'll do that since it'll head again
later just to make sure
these are only hitting
[Music]
fly once
uh you guard you have the most hp still
that's still only hitting one of
let's them you up let's coordinate our
movement
[Applause]
now i'm fired up
um
[Music]
okay
all right
[Music]
okay it's broken
there we go that was annoyingly
difficult
got a bunch of levels out of it
and whatever that is
[Music]
it's morning you're so cute today too
serious
well this is tough to break through
[Music]
okay nothing from there huh
okay what did i think up
[Music]
add up something
still not that
okay that's a new thing
[Music]
you know that griffin being with the
group with the puny outside makes me
real scared
to fight that puny
[Music]
i'm gonna try to avoid encounters
as much as i can
[Music]
i'm getting a little tired but i'm still
fine um
so are we yes we are on the other side
of the bridge well that was an easy
[Music]
shortcut
that thing looks nasty
no there we go
let's take a quick look over towards
[Music]
this is interesting
hmm
grab some of that
and this
i'll take this
all right let's head back over in the
general direction of
the campfire
grabbing just a few more things on the
way
[Music]
and we'll grab one more piece of wood
and then go back to the campfire
if i can find the spot there we go
[Music]
oh and that little flower thing just one
more
flick civilization just one more
gathering thing just one more turn
all right
[Music]
i'll try making the new item ron's
mirror shield
well that sounds interesting
hmm
[Music]
did i miss it i must have missed it
there we go there's an accessory
[Music]
um
well let's try making it and see what we
[Music]
get
what does high class do high price
okay that's fine doesn't matter for this
um
i don't care about red but yellow is
good
and green blue
or purple
[Music]
what would purple do conversion spell
the vision up sounds good though
[Music]
so if i use this and do the effect plus
two green okay let's start
now i can't do that because i don't have
green
which catalyst
[Music]
i'll use a general catalyst
yeah let's see
[Music]
okay use that
no wait we have to cereal
[Music]
[Applause]
and then this one here
[Music]
no that didn't quite work out
why did it not get the purple one i
thought we got the purple one before
no maybe not maybe not
well if we can't get
that with the general catalyst
[Music]
and we'll just do it here
give us any more bonuses that way then
we'll increase the quality
[Music]
impact resist evasion up and sage's
wisdom
okay so i have to check what those do
hmm
[Music]
i can make one of these just
what material should i use so we have
one of them
[Music]
um yeah
so let's see oh no the green ones that i
have
are that
broken stone i don't want to use that up
i could use one of these
do you have any other green ones yeah
okay let's do this again
okay so green
ripple stone shard now we don't need to
go that extreme so
i thought i saw
[Applause]
[Music]
we do that and then one of these
that helps out with component which is
good
[Music]
[Applause]
let's look at what we have
okay i think you'll go down there
[Music]
cereal hmm this goes here
now we're gonna have to do
okay that that way and then that one
over there
[Music]
and then these can overwrite that
without an issue
that one is an issue
so we'll put these first
[Music]
and then that one
anything else i should make
maybe an iron sand catalyst
[Music]
let's use red sand as a catalyst
okay so we can get the trait transfer
and that
is oh that's ah
okay yeah that's fine we can do that
[Music]
i don't think it really matters uh yeah
we'll do that
okay and that helps out with the other
catalyst types
[Music]
so what is that my alchemy level is 28
well then
that will be a bit
let's just make an angel ribbon too
let's see
hmm
[Music]
[Applause]
let's see
[Music]
um
let's see here if i do
i do that
[Music]
and that
and the thus
[Music]
and
nullify sleep nullify after effect that
sounds good
[Music]
which catalyst should i use
so if i do that i can get
how come you compliments 10.
[Music]
i'll put this here
[Applause]
this goes here
and that
doesn't do enough to get the next
level of anything
you can do one of these maybe
no
do i have blue and red we do have blue
and red
which catalyst should i use
[Music]
but can we okay let's start
all right it's going well oh i see it
doesn't go away so that makes it tricky
yeah we'll just do without and get the
uh
[Music]
this goes here yeah i don't know if we
can get that quality up
we have another one i'll use a green
[Music]
flower
[Applause]
[Music]
1 green
but we can get the quality plus which we
couldn't before
[Music]
i see that's why this goes like that
hail what are you reading
can't you tell a reference book for
alchemy wow it's filled with difficult
stuff
so this is what you're always reading
yeah if i'm going to be a respectable
alchemist soon i can't forget my daily
studies
what i think you're really respectable
already oh are you kidding
there's still lots of things we don't
know yet if we let ourselves get
complacent we'll never grow
we've got to keep aiming higher eating
higher huh yeah you're a hard worker
aren't you
i really respect that about you it's so
cool cool what's so cool about working
i'm trying to concentrate so don't
bother me sheesh
another new recipe or is that still from
the old one i think that may still be
from the old one
but in any case i think we've been going
long enough for now
i hope you're enjoying uh let's actually
before we do anything else
[Music]
[Applause]
let's give you that and
give you that since you keep getting
attacked what does sage's wisdom do
[Music]
completely swaps hp and mp oh well
no we don't want well that's
crap
yeah we don't want that that's that's
complete crap i don't want sage's wisdom
well that was worthless but anyway i
hope you enjoying
thanks for watching and i will see you
next time
you